Minutes
-------------

> **Minutes -  Meeting 1 29/09/2017 - 11am-12pm**

>  **Team members present:**  
James Gallagher  
Christopher Clarke  
Paul Darcy  
Aidan McGivern  
Lorin Sweeney  

>**Purpose of meeting:**
First team meeting

> **Tasks completed:**

 >- Requirements reviewed
 >- Trello board created
 >- Areas of interest established 
 >- Draft primary class list 
 >- Draft requirements specification 
 >- Minutes taken (James)

> **Tasks due before next meeting:**

 >- Refine primary class list (Aidan)
 >- Refine requirements specification (James & Lorin)
 >- Draft informal scenarios (Lorin)
 >- Draft class diagram (Paul & Christopher)

#### 

> **Minutes -  Meeting 2 04/10/2017 - 10am-11am**

>  **Team members present:**  
James Gallagher  
Christopher Clarke  
Paul Darcy  
Aidan McGivern  
Lorin Sweeney  

>**Purpose of meeting:**
Review completed tasks, agree on necessary changes and decide on next tasks.

> **Tasks completed**

 >- Reviewed primary class list
 >- Reviewed requirements specification
 >- Class diagram & Scenarios draft
 >- Minutes taken (James)

> **Tasks due before next meeting:**

 >- Draft use case diagrams (Lorin)
 >- Refine class diagram ( Paul & Christopher)
 >- Refine scenarios (Lorin & Aidan)
 >- Draft structured walkthrough (James)

#### 

> **Minutes -  Meeting 3 11/10/2017 - 10am-11am**

>  **Team members present:**  
James Gallagher  
Christopher Clarke  
Paul Darcy  
Aidan McGivern  
Lorin Sweeney  

>**Purpose of meeting:**
Review completed tasks, agree on necessary changes and decide on next tasks.

> **Tasks completed**

 >- Reviewed class diagram
 >- Reviewed scenarios
 >- Draft use case diagrams & structured walkthrough
 >- Minutes taken (James)
 
> **Tasks due before next meeting:**

 >- Refine use case diagrams (Lorin & Aidan)
 >- Refine results of structured walkthrough (Paul & Christopher)
 >- Format minutes (James)

#### 

> **Minutes -  Meeting 4 20/10/2017 - 12pm-2pm**

>  **Team members present:**  
James Gallagher  
Christopher Clarke  
Paul Darcy  
Aidan McGivern  
Lorin Sweeney  

>**Purpose of meeting:**
Complete final review of analysis & upload to gitlab

> **Tasks completed**

 >- Reviewed use case diagrams
 >- Reviewed results of structured walkthrough
 >- Made final edits to analysis
 >- Finished minutes
 >- Gitlab upload
 >- Analysis submission

####  

> **Minutes -  Meeting 5 27/10/2017 - 12pm-2pm**

>  **Team members present:**  
James Gallagher  
Christopher Clarke  
Paul Darcy  
Aidan McGivern  
Lorin Sweeney  

>**Purpose of meeting:**
Review product design phase & assign tasks.

> **Tasks completed**

 >- Reviewed and refined class diagram
 >- Decided on what UI should look like
 >- Minutes taken (James)
 
> **Tasks due before next meeting:**

 >- Draft object diagrams (Paul)
 >- Draft user interface mock-ups (Christopher)
 >- Draft state machines (Lorin)
 >- Draft sequence diagrams (Aidan)
 >- Draft collaboration diagrams (James)
 
 
####  
 
> **Minutes -  Meeting 6 08/11/2017 - 12pm-2pm**

>  **Team members present:**  
James Gallagher  
Christopher Clarke  
Paul Darcy  
Aidan McGivern  
Lorin Sweeney  

>**Purpose of meeting:**
Review completed tasks, agree on necessary changes and decide on next tasks.

> **Tasks completed**

 >- Revised object diagrams
 >- Revised UI mock-up
 >- Finished state machines
 >- Agreed on changes to sequence & collaboration diagrams
 >- Revised class diagrams
 
> **Tasks due before next meeting:**

 >- Update object diagrams (Paul)
 >- Update user interface mock-ups (Christopher)
 >- Draft class skeletons (Lorin)
 >- Revise sequence diagrams (Aidan)
 >- Revise collaboration diagrams (James)
 
 
####  
 
> **Minutes -  Meeting 7 15/11/2017 - 2pm-5pm**

>  **Team members present:**  
James Gallagher  
Christopher Clarke  
Paul Darcy  
Aidan McGivern  
Lorin Sweeney  

>**Purpose of meeting:**
Complete final review of product & class design, upload to gitlab

> **Tasks completed**

 >- Finalised object diagrams
 >- Finalised UI mock-ups
 >- Finalised sequence & collaboration diagrams
 >- Finalised class skeletons

  
####  

> **Minutes -  Meeting 8 21/11/2017 - 3pm-5pm**

>  **Team members present:**  
James Gallagher  
Christopher Clarke  
Paul Darcy  
Aidan McGivern  
Lorin Sweeney  

>**Purpose of meeting:**
Review provisional implementation & delegate tasks

> **Tasks completed**

 >- Decided on formatting
 >- Decided what each person is doing
 >- Discussed potential issues & brainstormed solutions

> **Tasks due before next meeting:**

 >- Provisional server class (Paul)
 >- Provisional client class (Christopher)
 >- Provisional piece class (Lorin)
 >- Provisional board class (Aidan)
 >- Provisional chessTime class (James)
 
####  

> **Minutes -  Meeting 9 24/11/2017 - 12pm-2pm**

>  **Team members present:**  
James Gallagher  
Christopher Clarke  
Paul Darcy  
Aidan McGivern  
Lorin Sweeney  

>**Purpose of meeting:**
Review completed tasks and finalise provisional implementation.

> **Tasks completed**

 >- Reviewed all classes together
 >- Worked out a few minor issues
 >- Began testing code
 >- Decided on necessary changes
 

> **Tasks due before next meeting:**

 >- Update server class (Paul)
 >- Update client class (Christopher)
 >- Update pieces (Lorin)
 >- Update board class (Aidan)
 >- Upload minutes (James)

